Answer without a question:
I spend half an hour trying to make sublime running from command line. Unsuccessfuly.
However, now I can open and edit files with nano editor. Also, I learned
how to compare two files with diff command.

Question:
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient
programmer in the long term?

Answer:
1. It allows you to go to previous version of a file if you made a mistake
and don't know or don't remember what you've changed.

2. One can analyze how his code changed and evolved over time, thus, he/she
can learn from mistakes

Question:
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create
 a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, 
like Google Docs does?

Answer:
I think the main pros is that it gives a lot of flexibility. However, when 
changings are saved automatically, you don't have risk to forget to commit 

Question: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow 
saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, 
treat each file separately?

Answer: I think it is because they have different purposes. In 
programming it is important to keep track of separate files in one 
project, while in a regular document it is not neccessary

Question: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Answer: I can use the command git log to find the commit with the changes I'm 
looking for. It is important to make meaningful comment when commiting,
because later the can help to find the commit I'm looking for.
The command git diff is very helpful to compare to commits to find what was changed

Question: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes 
that could break something?

Answer: Now, when I know that I always can come back to the previous version
of my project I feel more confident in making changes. However I shouldn't 
forget to commit before making changes. In other words, I should commit
after I made changes in a logical block and I should make sure I comit
before start making changes for the next logical block

Question: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try 
using Git for?

Answer: I want to try using Git for my project in iOS Development course. Also,
I want to find out how I can fix problem with my terminal (and I did it (!))

